*start text*
The king of the lands of Alvernia has decreed that all adventures are to be sent into the sprawling labyrinth located below the capital. You are tasked with going through a section of this maze, fighting monsters and finding treasure. There are many perils that 
you will face. There are goblins, dumb but their punches are extremely powerful, snakes, whose venom really has a kick to it, skeletons, who's limber frames allow them to take punches easily and orcs, who fists are like boulders. There is also said to be a
minotaur at the end of the maze, but that is just a rumor. Be careful, and be prepared.


*end text*


*Crossroad*
The room has 4 exits, one to the left, one to the right, one straight ahead, and the one you just came out of. Choose which direction you want to go (except if it is back, yo cannot go back because that would be counter intuitive and waste your time).


*monsters*
Goblin #1
As you pass through the dungeon, you smell an awful stench. You slink closer only to find a solitary goblin finishing up a drum stick. when he sees you throws it aside and prepares to make your bones into plaster.
Goblin #2
As you make it into the next room a goblin who looks like the Mike Tyson of the goblin world, but with a lot more flab and a lot less skills. After noticing you, he graces you with his very unprofessional fighting style.
Goblin #3
Right as you set off you immediately hear what sounds like a pack of hungry wolves. Instead it is a goblin near a mirror having an arguement with his reflection in na language that is somehow more animal like than actual animals. Unfortunately, while you were 
contemplating how a creature this dumb could have existed in a dangerous maze like this for so long the goblin whirls around and makes it clear to you that instead of going to school this goblin was lifting weights and doing boxing.

Goblin Win
You defeat the foul goblin and continue on your way. Good Job!

Goblin loss
After get absolutely trounced by the goblin you barely manage to take it down. You have lost one life.


Snake #1
You are crossing into the next when you hear a rattle. You try to run but the snake that was in the room follows you and prepares to pump your blood so full of venom that it will be classified as a biohazard postmortem.
Snake #2 
You come upon a room that has such a dense tangle of wood that you can barely see the walls. As you pass by a part that appears to be covered in a green ooze, a king cobra's head peeks through the thicket to the right. If it wasn't trying to kill you it might
have seemed majestic
Snake #3
After carefully manuvering around the spike traps and the swinging blade pendulum's you sit down to take a bite out of your rations. However, you quickly jump up and prepare to fight before the nearby 6-foot long snake takes a bite out of you.

Snake Win
After wrestling the snake and beating it to a pulp, you continue on your journey.

Snake loss
You are able to take the life of the snake, but the venom from it's bite trickles into your bloodstream and makes you lose one life.


Orc #1
An earth-shattering roar splits your eardrums as an orc barricades your path. You sigh and prepare for a battle.
Orc #2
You begin to salivate at the mouth as you smell an arouma similar to smoked pork. You rush towards the smell all caution thrown aside. You turn a corner and run into the room only to find an orc cooking what appears to be the last  adventurer that came by.
In heart, you know that you must avenge the adventurer's death and fight this orc, as well as realizing you can't progress in the game without defeating it.
Orc #3
As you pass into the next room your heightened warrior sense catches sight of an orc trying to sneak behind you by holding a tree in front of him. The plan would have worked except for the fact that the tree was much to small, it is a dungeon almost 
totally devoid of plant life except for moss, and the fact that trees don't move. You are so shocked by the absurdity of the plan that you almost don't catch him attempting to crush your skull.

Orc Win
You best the orc and after searching their pockets like a true adventurer, you move on to the next room

Orc loss
After being battered by the Orc, it slips and falls allowing you to whail on it with a vengance. You lost one life.


Skeleton #1
You run into a room that looks like the kind of crypt that you imagine being in the basement of a chapel. That is, not including the skeleton shambling over trying to kill you.
Skeleton #2
As a kid you always dreamed you would fight off undead while protecting a city alone. What you didn't expect was the skeletons in the next room to say puns before they died. Over the groans of "That cut me right down to the bone!", "Jaw-some punch bro!" and 
"Your jokes really tickle my funny bone Dave!" you see a skeleton actually worth his salt running at you screaming in a incomprehensible rage. You know that this time, an actual battle will ensue
Skeleton #3
As step into the next chamber you see what appears to be a corpse so old that it is only moss and bones. You rush over and find to your dismay no gold or items. you look back and could have sworn that the skeleton wasn't standing up last you saw it. You 
raise your fists and get ready as the skeleton rushes you.

Skeleton Win
you breakk apart its bones and then stomp them into dust.

Skeleton loss
The skeleton knocks you into a wall and then cracks your skull, but before it can finish you off, the bones turn to dust because they were so brittle.


minotaur start
minotaur Win
minotaur loss
